com/crud/tasks/controller/TaskController.java
 com.crud.tasks.controller.TaskController
com/crud/tasks/domain/TrelloCardDto.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TrelloCardDto
com/crud/tasks/domain/TaskDto.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TaskDto
com/crud/tasks/domain/TrelloBoard.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TrelloBoard
com/crud/tasks/domain/TrelloList.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TrelloList
com/crud/tasks/controller/TaskNotFoundException.java
 com.crud.tasks.controller.TaskNotFoundException
com/crud/tasks/domain/TrelloListDto.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TrelloListDto
com/crud/tasks/TasksApplication.java
 com.crud.tasks.TasksApplication
com/crud/tasks/controller/TrelloController.java
 com.crud.tasks.controller.TrelloController
com/crud/tasks/scheduler/EmailScheduler.java
 com.crud.tasks.scheduler.EmailScheduler
com/crud/tasks/service/TrelloService.java
 com.crud.tasks.service.TrelloService
com/crud/tasks/trello/validator/TrelloValidator.java
 com.crud.tasks.trello.validator.TrelloValidator
com/crud/tasks/domain/CreatedTrelloCardDto.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.CreatedTrelloCardDto
com/crud/tasks/domain/Mail.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.Mail
 com.crud.tasks.domain.Mail$MailBuilder
com/crud/tasks/domain/TrelloMapper.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TrelloMapper
com/crud/tasks/config/CoreConfiguration.java
 com.crud.tasks.config.CoreConfiguration
com/crud/tasks/trello/config/TrelloConfig.java
 com.crud.tasks.trello.config.TrelloConfig
com/crud/tasks/trello/client/TrelloClient.java
 com.crud.tasks.trello.client.TrelloClient
com/crud/tasks/mapper/TaskMapper.java
 com.crud.tasks.mapper.TaskMapper
com/crud/tasks/service/DbService.java
 com.crud.tasks.service.DbService
com/crud/tasks/domain/TrelloBoardDto.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TrelloBoardDto
com/crud/tasks/domain/Task.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.Task
com/crud/tasks/service/SimpleEmailService.java
 com.crud.tasks.service.SimpleEmailService
com/crud/tasks/config/AdminConfig.java
 com.crud.tasks.config.AdminConfig
com/crud/tasks/trello/facade/TrelloFacade.java
 com.crud.tasks.trello.facade.TrelloFacade
com/crud/tasks/domain/TrelloCard.java
 com.crud.tasks.domain.TrelloCard
com/crud/tasks/repository/TaskRepository.java
 com.crud.tasks.repository.TaskRepository
com/crud/tasks/controller/StaticWebPageController.java
 com.crud.tasks.controller.StaticWebPageController
